------------STARTERS-------------

1)Prawn Cocktail

	Ingredients:
    		75g light mayonaise
    		20g ketchup
    		dash Worcestershire sauce
    		200g cooked prawns
    		sprinkle paprika
    		lemon slices

	Method:
		Measure out the mayonnaise, ketchup and Worcestershire sauce and mix them together in a bowl.
		Add the prawns and mix until completely coated, then cover and pop in the fridge until ready to serve.
		To serve, place spoonfuls of the prawn cocktail mixture onto small lettuce leaves or use as a healthy baked potato topping.
		Sprinkle over a little paprika and serve with fresh lemon slices on the side.

2)Bruschetta:

1.Blanch and peel the tomatoes: Bring 2 quarts of water to a boil. As the water is heating make shallow cuts in a cross pattern at the tip ends of the tomatoes (this will make the tomatoes easier to peel).
Once the water is boiling, remove the pot from the heat. Put the tomatoes in the hot water and blanch for 1 minute.
Remove with a slotted spoon and let sit until cool enough to handle. Then gently peel off the tomato skins. Cut out the stem base with a paring knife.
Cut the tomatoes into halves or quarters and squeeze out most of the juices and seeds.

2.Preheat oven to 450°F (230°C) with a rack in the top slot of the oven.

3.Chop tomatoes, toss them with garlic, olive oil, vinegar, basil, salt and pepper: Finely chop the tomatoes and place them in a medium bowl. Mix in the minced garlic, 1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil, and the balsamic vinegar.
Stir in the thinly sliced basil and add salt and freshly ground black pepper, adding more to taste. Note, tomatoes love salt; you may need to add more than you expect.

4.Toast the baguette slices: Use a bread knife to slice the baguette on the diagonal making half-inch thick slices. Brush one side of each slice with olive oil (a pastry brush helps here) and place olive oil-side down on a baking sheet or roasting pan.
The baguette slices will toast best in the top rack of your oven, so you may need to work in batches to toast them all.
When the oven has reached 450°F (230°C) place the slices in the oven on the top rack and toast for 5 to 6 minutes until lightly browned around the edges.

5.Serve toasted bread with tomato mixture: Arrange the toasted bread on a platter, olive oil side facing up (the olive oil will help create a temporary barrier keeping the bread from getting soggy from the chopped tomatoes).
Either serve the toasts plain with a bowl of the tomato bruschetta mixture on the side for people to top their own, or use a spoon to gently top each toasted bread slice with some of the tomato mixture. If you top each slice individually, do it right before serving.

3)Mushroom Soup

	Ingredients:
		2 tablespoons butter
		1/2 pound sliced fresh mushrooms
		1/4 cup chopped onion
		6 tablespoons all-purpose flour
		1/2 teaspoon salt
		1/8 teaspoon pepper
		2 cans (14-1/2 ounces each) chicken broth
		1 cup half-and-half cream

	Directions:
		In a large saucepan, heat butter over medium-high heat; saute mushrooms and onion until tender.
		Mix flour, salt, pepper and one can broth until smooth; stir into mushroom mixture. 
		Stir in remaining broth. 
		Bring to a boil; cook and stir until thickened, about 2 minutes. 
		Reduce heat; stir in cream. 
		Simmer, uncovered, until flavors are blended, about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.


---------------Main Courses----------------

1)Fettucine Alfredo

	Ingredients:
		500g Fettuccine Pasta
		90g Butter
		1 Garlic Clove (minced)
		355ml Heavy Cream
		1/4 teaspoon Salt
		100g Shredded Parmesan Cheese
		1/4 teaspoon Pepper
    
	Method:
		In a large pot, heat water over high heat until boiling. Add salt to season the water. Once it is boiling, add fettuccine and cook according to package instructions. 
		In a large skillet or pan, heat butter over medium heat. Add minced garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in heavy cream. 
		Let heavy cream reduce and cook for 5 to 8 minutes. Add half of the parmesan cheese to the mixture and whisk well until smooth. Keep over heat and whisk well until cheese is melted.
		Save some pasta water. The pasta water is full of flavor and can be used to thin out the sauce.
		Toss alfredo sauce with fettuccine pasta and add half of the parmesan cheese. Once it is tossed, garnish with the remaining parmesan cheese. Add a little pasta water if it needs to be thinned out.
		Garnish with Italian parsley, if so desired.


	Source: https://www.modernhoney.com/fettuccine-alfredo/

2)Pizza Norma
	
	Ingredients:
		1 eggplant	
		4 ounces mozzarella cheese	
		2 tablespoons flour	
		1 pound pizza dough	
		8 ounces Nello's pizza sauce	
		1 ounce ricotta salata	
		1/8 ounce fresh basil	
		1 parchment paper

	Directions:
		Prepare Ingredients
		Preheat oven to 450°F. Rinse eggplant, halve lengthwise, and cut crosswise into ¼-inch slices. Tear mozzarella into small pieces.

		Sauté Eggplant
		Heat 1½ tablespoons olive oil in a large pan over medium-high heat. When oil is shimmering, add eggplant in a single layer, working in batches if necessary. 
		Season with ½ teaspoon kosher salt and pepper as desired. Sauté, flipping halfway through, until crisp on outside, about 8 minutes total. 
		Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain.

		Roll Out Pizza Dough
		While eggplant sautés, sprinkle flour onto a clean dry surface. 
		Using a rolling pin or the heels of your hands, roll and stretch pizza dough to about ¼-inch thickness. 
		Rub 1 teaspoon olive oil on a parchment-lined baking sheet, then carefully add pizza dough.

		Assemble Pizza
		Spread marinara sauce over pizza, leaving a 1-inch border. Add eggplant in an even layer. Top with mozzarella, then dot over ricotta salata.

		Bake Pizza
		Transfer pizza to bottom rack of oven and bake until crust is crisp and light golden and cheese is bubbling, 15-20 minutes. 
		Meanwhile, rinse basil and tear leaves into bite-size pieces, discarding stems. 

		Plate Pizza
		Cut pizza into slices, garnish with basil, and dig in. Refrigerate any leftovers in an airtight container for up to 3 days.

	Source: https://www.plated.com/recipes/eggplant-pizza-alla-norma-with-mozzarella-and-ricotta-salata

3)Beef Fillet:

	Ingredients:

		1 (3 1/2-lb) trimmed and tied center-cut beef tenderloin roast at room temperature
		4 teaspoons kosher salt
		1 teaspoon black pepper
		2 garlic cloves, finely chopped
		6 (3- to 4-inch) fresh rosemary sprigs
		3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
	Accompaniment: coarse-grain or Dijon mustard

	Directions:

		1.Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F.

		2.Pat tenderloin dry, then coat all sides with salt, pepper, and garlic. Tuck rosemary sprigs under strings on all sides of roast, leaving a few inches between each.

		3.Heat oil in a flameproof heavy roasting pan over high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown tenderloin on all sides (but not ends), about 10 minutes total.

		4.Transfer pan to oven and roast until thermometer inserted diagonally 2 inches into center of meat registers 120°F, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer beef to a cutting board and let stand 15 minutes. (Temperature of meat will rise to about 130°F.) Discard string and rosemary sprigs before slicing.


--------------Deserts--------------

1)Homemade Sorbet (Raspberry):

	Ingredients:
		3 cups (15oz/390g) raspberries, frozen
		¼ cup (70g/2 ½ oz) fat-free condensed milk

	Directions:
		Combine the berries and the condensed milk in a food processor or powerful blender and process until smooth and creamy.
		Transfer to a freezable container and let it firm up for about 4 hours to be able to scoop
		Keep in the freezer for up to 6 weeks.

	Link: https://www.biggerbolderbaking.com/raspberry-sorbet/

2)Banoffee Pie

	Ingredients:
    		250g digestive biscuits
    		100g butter, melted, plus extra for greasing
    		400g dulce de leche (sometimes sold as caramel)
    		2 bananas, peeled and sliced
    		300ml whipping cream, whipped until soft peaks form
    		30g grated dark chocolate
    
	Method:
		Place the biscuits into a food processor and pulse until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Transfer to a mixing bowl and stir in the melted butter, mixing well to combine.
		Place the mixture into a lightly greased 20cm/8in loose-bottomed cake tin and press down into the base and up along the sides. Place in the fridge to chill for 30 minutes.
		Spoon the dulce de leche over the biscuit base, and then cover with a layer of sliced bananas. Spoon the whipped cream on top and decorate with grated chocolate.
		Slice into wedges and serve.

	Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/banoffeepie_89031

3)Lemon Cheesecake:

	Ingredients:
		110g digestive biscuits
		50g butter
		25g light soft brown sugar
		350g mascarpone cheese
		75g caster sugar
		1 lemon, zested
		2-3 lemons, juiced (you need about 90ml)

	Method:
		1.To make the base, crush 110g digestive biscuits in a food bag with a rolling pin or in the food processor.

		2.Melt 50g butter in a saucepan, take off heat and stir in 25g light soft brown sugar and the biscuit crumbs.

		3.Line the base of a 20cm loose bottomed cake tin with baking parchment. Press the biscuit into the bottom of the tin and chill in the fridge while making the topping.

		4.Beat together 350g mascarpone cheese, 75g caster sugar, the zest of 1 lemon and juice of 2-3 lemons, until smooth and creamy.

		5.Spread over the base and chill for a couple of hours.

	Link: https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/1567660/lemon-cheesecake

